that's what i thought the car get the
kids on the street or gone to that night
in such a reversal dude I'm touching the
kids on the street address the public 17
year old kid last night I don't smoke
across ever to satchel get bareback
fucking 1981 wit cocaine was on the
ticket but based on black for july we
can celebrate the fucking to Penn State
murder my fucking story some fucking
fish Colombian plate fucking cocaine
okay I gotta tell you something that we
were just in vegas for the weekend and
then write down for you guys you guys
fuck I'm not crazy Billy fucking grins
and happy people are illegal aliens
fuckers got a few legal thank you
everybody make some fucking noise for
man was legal for 22 years yourself
before you joined us fucking bad
what a great heavy metal wee folk
singers I was a million singers here to
canoga park
thinking I'm a fag ebers a daily wrong
but say what you consider myself a
skinny homes the base deal Michael baby
version Richardson ah I'll be pretty
honest go to you can do in the middle
kids pressing with that funny thing you
see ya sup beauty fuck that bitch the
pussy fuck yeah her look tight that girl
right there ya got the kind of ass you
can pump it bring over your friends
house and all for you sleep sitting that
bad girl big swing sit back there and
fuck a beer pong appointment heavy metal
band rehearses on ask girl it's not that
a stop when you find the fuckin the
glove it does fit no junior pair o 3 go
ha
to tell you something speak the guys
should have experience and season ass
fucking put your hands together for guy
no it was in jail a lot did a lot a
swagger but always just rocking out of
guitar fuck get drunk all time on dolly
yes or the day upper level we need only
just suck account you did how would you
want doing the fucking ass fucking yeah
fucking yeah those fucking other to make
it clear you better watch out I'm gonna
freak him out got your lungs
go through your meal Saunders a
diversion I took it out I'm just kidding
man I'll get my nails out of the bag
ugly face to Tommy if I know let me fuck
me I do hold on no no please before you
on the fucking bass player I wanna do
somebody who's even more important that
make sure it's my own personal bodyguard
his name is Larry is right on a fucking
when's read watch it natural maybe you
want to steal pasture but that doesn't
mean he's not gonna fuck your cute
little white ass that's what I eats
fucking here right now dude go walk
around me dude I got my own fucking boy
a state where your beats are fucking my
ass let me tell you something he's
straight out of Compton you look hung up
God people all right you don't jump on
stage to the guy if your girl got good
news for you we just had to stage we
done it's a fucking CH polymers the
prevents girls are slipping on vijaya
geez get up here and with a dripping wet
pussy all you want I know you got a big
juicy one please bitch if I unless you
wanna fuck Turkish looking base we're
fine
receive your vaginas nobody wants a
cookie Maxie I also want to thank
Benjamin Franklin for inventing United
States of America you retard baby
tonight six rumor that you back the
Tynecastle hope my breath the
five-dollar bill with fucking 50 good
out here father you suck on these bitch
you fuckin start cocaine from button do
a Hollywood with a dollar bills in the
mess hall that's a good shit though I'm
kind of with just a baby powder so it
doesn't make it shares mommy I also want
to thank my gunner please make some luck
sir mr. 6e
one of most of the EGR fucking beers and
how we get the American happiness just
get the fuck Craig deserves he's gonna
fucking pound out some fat fuck beats
off his penis right thanks Lexi fuck are
ya hey check it out I want them to keep
the song to guy wears bandana more than
any guy more than Astros get a brain
hemorrhage recently recovered from a
brothel yes it's so fast